there you go George
some train tracks
it's really kind of a neat shot there
Saturday back home from work and they
have to be there too long that's cool
like I better take this thing for a ride
you know just charge the battery
everything been sitting a while it's
rain and wash the salt off the roads and
they're calling for four days of snow
next week I guess I better get in a ride
here when you got myself some spark
plugs that was interesting at the parts
store I really need to get decent help
in these parts stores that's what I see
all right let's see where the day takes
us another little side note in my last
little video with a cat which has over
10,000 views by the way I can't figure
that one out
it looks like I got new wheels on the
front of this thing though it's really
just a spare for my trailer just so you
know poor dog was just silly
this looks silly what's he gonna put in
his pocket thought I'd give you a little
update this is a second carburetor did
it's a little different than the first
one and it will idle now halfway decent
I can't let it run along because there's
no coolant in it but let's see if I can
do this
no one handed
and idols pretty good do
all right let's see the flit you're too
tentative
pretend your head-banging remember back
in the late 80s that's a little better
try it one more time there you go
we got one patch well today my girl run
and the Dolly's quite got the hanging
little war believe but not today
I'm gonna do that one and that one you
keep moving on until I run out of
gumption all right we got three patches
welded in it's not been without a few
impatient nanny and frustrated daughter
moments but we got her we only got about
twenty five to go
maybe we'll do this one next and that
one then that one by the way I know I've
got some new subscribers I like to use
this gas oxygen acetylene welding torch
head for all my stuff like this as long
as I can get me hot guys with dalian
hammer no smoothing very little grinding
maybe you got a grind and grind and
grind all right we got paddle number
four ready I'm gonna start well netting
and sneaking up on the sheep a little
all right we got that patch welded in
and a little hole for the fuel line
little missus having a big time isn't
cheap cut off that patch and shaped up
and getting ready to weld that one in
and we might call it a night on that one
what do you think good I'd be perfect
why is that I'm tired of working on this
never can't be tired of working out of
this yeah it gets pretty tiring when
you're home holding your hands up like
this in the bottom of the truck for
hours you poor thing we say girl one
more
well that one's in we have one more back
there in the corner where is it right
there first we got some work to do here
in the rockers but I'm gonna worry about
that at the moment just try to get
everything so we can get the seat in and
gas tank you put the engine and
transmission in without having too much
trouble
I think timings a little off since I put
the distributor back in it